Polishing iac Templates and Readme files (#24)
safesoftware/fme-server-iac-templates: Azure/terraform/README.md

2. If you want to deploy into a existing resource group in Azure, you will need to make the following edits to `main.tf`: 
   - replace `resource azurerm_resource_group "fme_flow"` with `data "azurerm_resource_group" "fme_flow"`
   - remove or comment out the `location` and `tags` lines from this same block
   - prepend `data.` in front of all occurrences of `azurerm_resource_group.fme_flow` in the template
3. If you created your own FME images via packer, you will need to edit the `main.tf` files under `modules/vmss/vmss_core` and `vmss_engine` to include the custom `source_image_id` and remove the references to the marketplace images (see comment above `source_image_reference` line).
4. Run `terraform apply` in your console from the directory that that holds the `main.tf` and `variables.tf` file and provide any variables you are prompted for.

> 5. Review the deployment plan. If the terraform script and the provided variables validated successfully the deployment plan will be output in the consoled for you to review. Additionally you will be prompted wether you want to go ahead with the deployment. If everything looks ok, go ahead with `yes`. The deployment will now provision and configure all necessary Azure resources and start up FME Flow. This will take at least 10 - 20 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Review the deployment plan. If the terraform script and the provided variables are validated successfully the deployment plan will be output in the console for you to review. Additionally you will be prompted whether you want to go ahead with the deployment. If everything looks ok, go ahead with `yes`. The deployment will now provision and configure all necessary Azure resources and start up FME Flow. This will take at least 10 - 20 minutes.
```
